feat(SPEC-SPEC-LINT-BLIND-AXES-001): M-A1 collect table-form REQ definitions (t518)

Card t518. Axis 1 of the two blind spots: the REQ collector was anchored to a
markdown list bullet, so a SPEC stating its requirements as a table produced an
empty doc.REQs and the four REQ-based rules never visited it — a silence
indistinguishable from a pass.

Discriminator is the operator-approved C-d: a table row is a definition only
when the row carries a marker from the narrow lexicon L1 (SHALL / 해야 한다 /
해서는 안 된다), matched as a case-sensitive substring over the whole row. The
lexicon is NOT to be widened to reduce its known miss — C-d was chosen for
reproducibility between independent derivations, and widening destroys that.

Severity has one decision point: table entries ride the existing
REQEntry.Widened / reqFindingSeverity advisory path (no second severity axis).
Provenance is a separate REQEntry.Source field whose only consumer is the corpus
recount; it never reaches a severity decision, and a test flips every value to
prove it.

Corpus movement, both values re-derived on this tree from binaries built at HEAD
and at the working tree (no stored number was subtracted):
  before 0 error(s), 4378 warning(s)  →  after 0 error(s), 4394 warning(s)
  +16, all CoverageIncomplete, all table-sourced, 0 from the t385 widening.
  Attributed row by row: CODEX-PARTIAL-WIRING-001 x11, INIT-001 x5.
  20 entries collected corpus-wide; the other 4 (HARNESS-CLASSIFIER-WIRING-001)
  are AC-covered and GEARS-clean, so they emit nothing. Residual 0.
  The shipped Go collector's 20 independently matches the python reader's C-d 20.
  CoverageIncomplete interpretation stays deferred to t528.

8 mutants run; all 8 now RED. Two (L1 case-insensitivity, bold-ID tolerance)
passed the whole suite on the first pass and are recorded as such — the guard
that catches them was added afterwards, not present from the start.

Verified: go test ./internal/spec/... rc=0 · go vet rc=0 · gofmt clean ·
golangci-lint 0 issues. Full suite is CI's; this lane does not push.

🗿 MoAI
